On its face. this story is
the opposite of a fairy tale.
But that's only until you consider
what fairy tales are really about.
Girls punished for selfishness
or for no reason at all.
They're tales of horror.
and wonder.
Of innocence and beauty.
Of violence and sin.
In fairy tales. there's
danger everywhere.
Beware the troll
under the bridge.
But in November of 1997.
the danger had never looked
quite like this before.
This story would haunt the
island for years to come.
It forever changed a fact
that once seemed so immutable.
so fundamental.
Young girls in Victoria were the
ones we were supposed to protect.
Not be protected from.
- I can't even.
- It was so funny.
- I love you.
- We were 100% there for her!
- Hey. guys!
See you guys tomorrow.
- Hey!
- You're the best. Rajmama.
Thanks for getting me.
Oh yeah. of course. Anything to
show off these sweet wheels. right?
- Okay.
- How was school?
You did go. right?
- For half the day. I went after lunch.
- Reena.
It was gym day! I hate those
stupid shorts they make us wear.
Okay. well. if you don't go.
well. I'm thinkin' maybe I need to
take your present back to the store.
You got it?
No way.
That's the one. right?
I guess so.
Okay.
Can we drive through View Royal?
Sure.
♪ I'm going going. back back ♪
♪ To Cali Cali Cali. uh ♪
♪ I'm going going. back
back. to Cali Cali ♪
♪ Uh. uh. we know. we know ♪
- That's Connor Fields.
♪ Celly-celly with
my homeboy Lance ♪
Is that who you're lookin' for?
No. it's just. um.
Josephine just likes him.
- ♪ At the Versace store ♪
- Josephine. eh?
♪ Said she suck it 'til
I ain't got no more ♪
Hey. I thought you were done
with those Seven Oaks girls.
Still cool with Dusty.
♪ Say it's yummy.
then your man ♪
- ♪ What's your plan. is it to rock... ♪
- Okay. Well.
listen. maybe it's-it's time
that you just focus on
your family for a bit.
- ♪ Hoes exquisite. Cali ♪
♪ I'm going going. back back ♪
- ♪ To Cali Cali ♪
- I wanna get out of here.
- Wait. here? I-I thought we were...
Hey. hey!
- What are you
doing? Reena! Reena!
Yo. Dusty!
- What up?
- What's up?
Where's Jo?
The princess is in her room.
'Kay. come on.
- Come on!
- I'm comin'.
Hi. Jo. Hi. Jo-Jo.
What the fuck is that?
Um. I'm your monkey
that's been hidden under your
three-month-old dirty laundry.
Can I. can I have a
cigarette. please?
Oh. bitch. You know I
bummed a cigarette today
from some guy in Rudd's
Park. and he was like.
"Are you the Josephine Bell?"
Yeah. apparently he heard what I
did to that bitch from Esquimalt.
Wait. what happened?
Me and Jo. we crashed this party.
and this bitch kept pissing her off.
Getting on my fucking nerves.
talking about this locket.
saying how her parents
got it from Tiffany's.
and she was so grateful.
So. I just went up to her.
and that's when I went
- bam! Yanked it from her neck.
- Fuck.
And what'd she do?
She fuckin' invited me to the
next party. That's for sure.
- Oh shit.
- That's how you get respect.
No one fucks with C.M.C.
Long live C.M.C.
Fuck's sake!
This station is ass lately.
Hey. you know I got
the new Biggie CD.
Are you serious? Let
me see that shit!
Gimme.
♪ Biggie. uh! ♪
♪ This goes out to you! ♪
♪ You! You! Uh! ♪
♪ Your reign on the top was
short like leprechauns ♪
♪ As I crush so-called Willies.
thugs. and rapper-dons ♪
♪ Get in that ass. quick
fast. like Ramadan ♪
♪ It's that rap phenomenon
Don-Dadda. fuck Poppa ♪
♪ You gotta call
me Francis M.H. ♪
♪ White in tank-light
totes. tote iron! ♪
♪ Was told in shootouts.
stay low. and keep firin' ♪
♪ Keep extra clips
for extra shit ♪
♪ Who's next. kick in the
door; Wavin' the .four-four! ♪
♪ All you heard was: "Poppa
don't hit me no more!" ♪
♪ On ya mark. get set.
when I spark. ya wet ♪
Reena! Yo!
Get the fuck off my bed.
you're gonna break it!
Fat bitch.
♪ Ask why. lyrically. I'm
worser. don't front the word... ♪
Why are you even here?
Thought you moved out.
- I mean. Kelly doesn't live here either.
- Yeah.
Kelly's my best friend.
Come on.
Connor Fields will sell us some
chronic if we go to his place.
Come on.
Reena. you're not invited.
Ladies and gentlemen.
we're about to
start our descent.
Welcome to beautiful Victoria.
♪ When I lose them. I'll ache ♪
♪ Shudder shock of pale blue ♪
Becca.
- ♪ Might any true love ♪
- Thank you.
- ♪ Make a lot of nothing? ♪
- Let's get some wine.
♪ Is... this... the... ♪
Your mom's been cookin'
all week. Don't be alarmed.
Aha! Honey! Guess who I found?
No. no.
Wow. Mom. Are we. are
we having a party?
No. no. It's always good to
make a little extra. you know?
In case there's some old
friends you want to invite over.
I don't talk to anyone
from Victoria anymore.
- Well. I don't know why not.
'Cause everyone here
thinks I'm an asshole.
They do not. You made
that up in your mind.
You admiring my new wrinkles?
No. You're beautiful.
Well. what do you wanna
do your first night back?
Mm
- sleep?
- Sleep.
We could go downtown.
have tea at the Empress.
Do we have to. like.
do all that right away?
- Well. why not?
- Because I just got here and it's a lot
and I need a minute.
Well. if you're not
happy to be home.
- why did ya come all this way?
- Because I'm writing my book here.
- You know that.
- Well.
- you could a done that in New York.
- You know.
I'm happy to stay in a
hotel if that's easier.
No. no. it's been 10 years
since you've been home.
Come on now. You're
staying here.
Wasn't trying to upset you.
I was just saying no
one is forcing you
- to write about Victoria.
- Yeah. well...
I can't seem to think
about anything else.
Hey. you know what I
think we should do?
Why don't we just stay at
home and make pancakes?
- Pancakes?
- Yeah. wasn't that your thing?
Breakfast for dinner?
No. it was dinner for breakfast.
And that was Gabe's
thing. It wasn't my thing.
- Hello?
- Hi. Um.
- do you know who Josephine Bell is?
- Huh?
Yeah. she looks
really different.
She's not even pretty anymore.
Who is this?
- Hello?
- I'm just calling to let you know
that Josephine Bell's
eyebrows are fake as shit.
- What?
- She. like. draws them on.
You know Josephine Bell?
She's a fucking bitch. She
looks like a fucking rat.
Yeah. she's not even pretty.
Ugly bitch. She's a fucking slut.
Reena? Reena. who
are you talking to?
Nana Ji and Nani Ji
will be here soon.
I'm in the bath!
Reena. it would be nice to
have your help in the kitchen.
- Hello?
- Hi. Connor.
- Who is this?
- It's Reena. Reena Virk.
I drove past you today.
I was. I was the one blasting
Biggie from the Karmann Ghia.
Uh. how'd you get this number?
Josephine Bell gave it to me.
Yeah. you know she's got AIDS?
So. do you wanna go out with me?
- What do you want?
- Weed. Duh.
- Lemme hit that.
- No.
Heard you got AIDS.
What?
Yeah. Apparently. your
tits are fake too.
Yeah. and I heard you had.
like. three abortions.
Shut up.
- Who said that?
- I don't know.
Name's like. uh.
Tina or something.
Reena?
Yeah.
So good. You've
outdone yourself.
Reena.
No.
Come. let's do our prayers.
Thank you. Jesus. son
of Jehovah. the Father.
for all that you
have provided for us.
Thank you for gathering
us here tonight.
And for reuniting our family.
- In Jesus's name. Amen.
- Amen.
Reena. come.
No. stop.
No. I don't want Indian
food. It's making me fat!
- Stop!
- Oh boy.
So. who were you talking
to in the bathroom?
- Was it. was it a new friend?
- Mm.
No.
What have I told you
about not wearing makeup?
Nail polish isn't makeup.
- If it's not makeup. what is it then?
- Suman.
- Can you let the machine get it?
- Reena. Reena. we're eating!
Hello?
Hey. Reena. It's Josephine.
Do you wanna come party with
us at Shoreline tonight?
Thought I wasn't invited.
No! You should come.
It's gonna be fun.
Reena. it's dinner time. You
should be sitting with us.
Okay. I'm coming.
- Reena?
- I'll be home by 11.
Where are you going? Reena!
- Reena? Reena!
- Ree
She wants to go. let her go.
I'm cold.
- Yo. you got it?
- Mm-hm.
- Got it?
- Yeah.
- 'Ppreciate it. man. Yeah. take it easy.
- Yeah. I'll see you. dawg.
Hey. Reena!
Hi. guys.
Nice nails.
C.M.C. blue.
What'd you want
with Connor Fields?
I know you took my shit.
Street rules. right?
Like what you did to
that girl from Esquimalt?
- Oh boy.
- Yo!
Where's Josephine at?
I'm supposed to
fight some chick.
Hey. somebody's ass
about to get rocked!
Run. bitch. run!
Yeah. you better run!
Let's go!
Okay.
- Hello? Reena?
- Hello? Yeah. Yeah. it's me.
I'm at the bus stop by. by the
bridge. Tell Mom I'll be home soon.
I'm just gonna go home.
I'll catch the bus.
No. you're not.
- What are you doing?
- Come on. Reena.
Hey! Hey. Let's go
under the bridge.
Yes! Yes!
- Get off me!
- [♪ heavy metal music playing]
- Sources say
lights in the sky over Victoria
on Friday night were from
an exploded Russian satellite.
Authorities insist...
Come on. five seconds!
Time!
- 189!
- I did 210.
Oh. bullshit! I saw you.
Come on. your
brother's not a liar.
What. you too afraid to
admit you lost to a girl?
- Oh. you're a girl?
- Oh!
Better than fuckin'
hittin' like one.
Alrighty. See you later. guys.
- Alright. good job.
- Later.
Thank you.
- Hey. Dad?
- Yeah.
Hey. I'm sorry to
keep buggin' you. but
you hear back from
Major Crimes yet?
Oh. you that eager to
get to Vancouver. eh?
Look. as charming as I am.
a referral. hardly worth
it comin' from your dad.
It's better you earn this
transfer on your own.
Yeah?
Alright.
Besides. with all this new
affirmative action talk.
you got an edge anyhow.
- Hey. I'm gonna go shower.
- Alright.
See you at the station.
We've been calling for days and
nobody's getting back to us.
My niece. Reena. called us
from the bus stop by Shoreline
and said she was coming home
on Friday. And then nothing.
Yeah. I don't what to tell
you. Alright. teenagers lie.
I know Reena was over
at Seven Oaks that day.
and-and my sister
found this in her room.
And it belongs to
one of those girls.
Uh. she was also speaking to
a boy on the phone that night.
Uh. I think I heard
his name was Connor.
- We were...
- 'Kay. hang on. Why was your daughter
hangin' around a foster home?
Was there trouble in the family?
Could you translate?
Manjit speaks English just fine.
You know. I-I-I get it from him.
I wouldn't expect it from you.
- Raj.
- What does that mean?
Forget it.
I can't believe I actually
thought you guys would help.
And if you want our help. be a
good idea not to mouth off to us.
Mouth off? Oh. I'm sorry.
My niece is missing.
- and no one gives a damn about it!
- Raj.
Thank you very much. ma'am.
Thank you. sir.
Another fuckin' Bic girl.
Hey. hey. excuse me?
Look. we're not tryin'
to be unhelpful. okay?
Just tryin' to be
honest with you.
We get a lotta "missing
kids" around here. you know?
Usually. it's just girls.
just wastin' our resources while
they're off skippin' school.
I don't think
that's what this is.
Has she done this before?
Reena?
Has she ever run away?
Yes.
But she always tells me where she's
going. She doesn't just disappear.
You mentioned a boy.
Connor?
Was that her boyfriend?
U-Uh...
Connor Fields is his name.
It's only after you leave that you
notice the weirdness of Victoria.
The strange. storybook-like
quality to the place.
You get into your old stash?
You clearly didn't check
under the floorboards.
Tastes like shit. though.
You wanna walk out
there? I go with you.
I never really understood
why you like to do that.
Well. it's pretty normal to honor
someone at the site of an accident.
I still take flowers sometimes.
Uh. I actually
gotta get into town.
I was gonna ask if I
could borrow your car.
Depends how much of that
you've been smokin'.
- Where you goin'?
- Seven Oaks.
I was just gonna talk to some
of the girls there for the book.
Ah. Seven Oaks. Never thought I'd
have to hear about that place again.
♪ Wish I could change
the way that you feel ♪
♪ Standing with him
you feel more real ♪
...sources tell us that they
were from an exploding...
Gimme the fucking remote.
- Give her the fuckin' remote.
- Bitch. sit down!
Shit.
- Fuck are you lookin' at?
- Hi.
- Can I help you?
- Hi. yeah. Uh
Girls! Volume.
My name's Rebecca.
and I was wondering
if I'd be able to talk
to some of the girls here
- for a few minutes.
- Who are you?
I'm. uh. a student. and
I'm... writing an essay.
These girls are under government
care. I can't have any outsiders in.
so I'm gonna have
to ask you to leave.
Fuck.
Ma'am? Hi.
I would really appreciate
if I could just talk to
them for five minutes.
- I-I'll be quick.
- Martha?
- Yeah.
- Where's the paper?
- What paper?
- The newspaper. obviously.
We're worried about Reena.
We wanna see if there's
anything in there about her.
- What's happened to Reena?
- She's missing.
They haven't seen her
since that party on Friday.
- Martha?
- Yeah. I'm coming!
You're gonna have to
excuse me a moment.
- Cool Marc Jacobs.
- Oh.
Thank you.
Are you a pig?
- Do I look like a cop?
- Don't be an idiot.
She just said she's doing
something for school.
I just said that so
I can get in here.
You can get away with a lot more
when people don't take you seriously.
I'm writing a book.
- About what?
- The misunderstood girls of Victoria.
- I've been doing some research.
- Why did you come here?
Because I had a friend who used
to live here when I was a kid.
Anyways. I'd love to talk to
you guys if you're interested.
I'm gonna leave my number.
and you can call
me... if you want to.
Wait.
You live in New York?
It's John Gotti. the
mob boss from New York.
- Oh.
- Mm-hm.
I wanna get out of here
and go work for him.
They love women in the mob
'cause they never go to prison.
Hey. maybe I can
come stay with you.
Yeah. Maybe.
Do you want... cigarettes?
Yeah.
You're just gonna
steal my whole pack?
So. what do you do for fun?
- Party.
- Yeah. Where do you party?
Do they still have that. um.
warehouse on Cherry Street?
Cherry Street?
- You went there?
- Yeah.
Does that make me old?
- I heard that place is pretty hardcore.
- I have some stories.
We usually just go party at
this guy Connor Fields's house.
And what were you saying
about your friend. Reena?
You said she was missing.
What happened to her?
I don't know.
It's not like I
hang out with her.
I thought you said
you saw her on Friday.
It's not a big deal.
Every time I miss a curfew.
they make a police
report. Nothing happens.
- Girls are always "missing".
- Bic girls.
What's a Bic girl?
It's what the cops call us.
Bics. like the lighters.
But why do they call you that?
'Cause we're disposable.
- What are you doing?
- She doesn't wanna live here?
She doesn't have to.
Sajal can have her room if she
wants to keep running away.
Where have you been? It's late.
I was walking. I can't sleep.
Suman...
I don't think we should be
getting rid of her things.
I can't look at them anymore.
We gave her another
chance after what she did
and look how she took it.
She couldn't even get
through one dinner with us.
We can't give up on her.
Move.
- Hello?
- Is Reena there?
Who is this?
Hello? Hello. who-who is this?
Do you know where Reena is?
Saanich Police. open up.
Connor Fields.
That's fragrant.
- Who you talkin' to in here?
- Nobody.
Heard you talkin' to somebody.
Wanna ask him to step out here?
Givin' me cause here. You want
me to come back with a warrant?
Fuck. fine. I...
I have an iguana. okay?
His name's Steve. and.
I know it's not
legal to have him.
- but I've been...
- I don't give a shit. Connor.
Do you know where Reena Virk is?
- No.
- I know she called you Friday.
She... your girlfriend? You
guys sneakin' around a little?
No. she's not.
she's not my type.
I think she just called me as.
like. a dare or something. okay?
I'm goin' back inside.
I'll come with you. Take a look
at what you got goin' in here.
Or maybe you just wanna talk to
me a little bit more about Reena?
Why you gotta be askin'
me about this. okay?
Everybody else saw.
Saw what. Connor?
I guess there was. like.
like. a fight...
under the bridge.
And?
I don't... I thought they
were just makin' shit up.
Okay? But this chick. Josephine.
called me. and she said...
"C.M.C. is gonna make sure that
I don't hear from Reena again."
What does that mean. Connor?
People are sayin' Reena might
be "floatin' around somewhere."
- That's a rumor. obviously.
- I don't know.
This kid's makin' it sound
like a potential homicide.
"Sgt. Cam Bentland.
Major Crimes."
Now. come on. Cam.
alright? This is Victoria.
The kids here. maybe they get into a
fight or two. I just don't see girls...
These kids saying they did this.
they call themselves "C.M.C.".
Wanna know what that stands for?
"Crip. Mafia. Cartel."
- Okay. Scott.
- Dad. I'm sorry.
You think a bunch of
14-year-old girls are Crips?
I'm not fuckin' sayin' that!
I'm saying they're bragging
about murdering another girl!
Jesus fuck.
I think we need to
search the Gorge.
Okay. Cam?
You're not tryin' to
do some cowboy shit
- to impress Vancouver PD. are you?
- Dad...
Reena's been missing
for three days.
Alright. look. if you wanna
take this to the dive team.
you have my blessing.
But it's gonna be your name
on the operations plan.
It's your rep.
- Yeah.
Okay.
You better hope this
girl's in the water. Cam.
Jehovah
if I
if I haven't seemed it
know that I am
here to serve you.
I come before you. humbled.
I know that you have had
your reasons to test me.
Please allow Reena to see
the errors of her ways.
Allow her to know
her transgressions.
that she strayed
from your light.
Please remind her...
that she is blessed.
Remind her that we love her.
and that she loves us.
Please. let it
let it not be too late. Jehovah.
Please. Jehovah. let it
not be too late. Just...
return her to us.
Please.
Found something!
Please return her back to me.
Please forgive her.
We found these in the Gorge.
Along with a. a pair of jeans.
I've... I think they're hers.
Thank you. This is helpful.
"Helpful"? What do
you mean "helpful"?
Why was Reena's underwear off?
I don't know. but this
is something to go on.
Uh. what does the
police think happened?
Like they would tell
us if they knew.
- We would.
- Yeah. then tell me why is.
why is my daughter's
underwear off?
It's too early to say.
Too early for who?
I'm sorry we don't
have more right now.
Thank you. Mr. Virk.. Mrs. Virk.
Suman. the police
are involved now. Hm?
They will be helpful.
This is good. Suman.
They're going to find her.
- They're going to find her.
- Manjit.
I think she's gone.
Ready to do this?
Here we go.
Does that look straight to you?
Josephine Bell.
♪ Where... ♪
Josephine Bell!
Girls? Names. please.
- Maya Longette.
- And your name?
- Laila.
- Please step this way.
Kelly Ellard. right?
- ♪ Keep all the guns at home ♪
- Dusty Pace?
- Oy! Easy. easy! Hey. hey. hey.
- Fuck. fuck! Get the fuck off me!
- The fuck?
- We need to talk to you.
- ♪ Pretty good too ♪
- Hey. easy. Just keep walking.
- Hey. Hey!
- You Warren Glowatski?
- Yes. sir.
- We have some questions for you. Come on.
- Alright.
♪ Where do... ♪
Aren't you gonna at least
gimme some bracelets?
- ♪ Find planets? ♪
- [sighs]
♪ Where do the rockets ♪
You better get me
John Gotti's lawyer.
I don't think he's available.
Okay. listen. Don? Don! Can
you process these people?
No one's been arrested!
Your daughters are
not being charged.
Okay. we just wanna ask them
a few questions. That's it.
I was out with some friends.
And then in the morning. somebody's
fucking dead? I don't know.
Dad. can you come back.
please? To Victoria?
Yeah. I know that. Mom.
But the lady's saying I'm supposed
to have a parent present. s...
Don't even worry about it.
- Alright.
- No luck. eh?
No.
Fuck. can you just get off my dick?
I didn't have anything to do with it.
- He says... Kelly!
- George! Kelly! Kelly!
Yeah. go be a fucking slut.
I told you she
wasn't gonna come.
You got anybody
else you can call?
Rebecca?
Saanich Police.
Hello?
Sir. I am asking you to
please just fill out the form.
I do not need you to
raise your voice at me.
- Hi. sir?
- Yes? Yes?
Sorry. I'm here to
pick up Josephine Bell.
Um. I'm just gonna need everyone to
fill out one of these forms. one second.
Uh. Saanich Police.
Can you please hold?
Uh. Josephine Bell is still
waiting to be questioned
for a potential homicide.
Listen. I need everyone to fill out
one of these forms. You as well. ma'am.
Sorry. I... Can I
speak to her. please?
Are you her guardian?
Yes.
O-Okay. you can just talk to the
constable that brought her in. okay?
Just the first desk on the left.
Sir. listen! Listen. I can't
take any more questions
- [fading] until
you give consent...
...I can't. I'm sorry.
There's nothing.
there's nothing more I can
say. I need cooperation here.
I can't listen to each one of
you speaking at the same time.
- Sir. Sir.
- Yes?
Cam's an old friend of mine. She
told me I can speak to Josephine.
Um... uh.
Fine. John. can you take
this lady to processing?
No. no. You can't
keep Kelly in here...
- Look. I understand...
- No. no. Listen. Kelly is a good girl.
- She's never even missed curfew.
- I don't doubt that that's true. ma'am.
- If...
- Hey. Cam. You're gonna wanna see this.
Excuse me.
CCTV footage from the bus stop.
- Just got it.
- Okay.
There's Reena.
There's the satellite.
What the hell?
It's even more kids
than we thought.
Just wait.
Fuck are you looking at. bitch?!
♪ Tarp has sprung a leak ♪
- ♪ And the animals
I've trapped ♪
♪ Have all become my pets ♪
♪ And I'm livin' off of grass ♪
♪ And the drippings
from my ceiling ♪
♪ It's okay to eat fish ♪
♪ 'Cause they don't
have any feelings ♪
♪ Something in the way ♪
♪ Mm-hm ♪
Can you keep a secret?
♪ Something in the way ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Mm-hm ♪
♪ Something in the way ♪
♪ Mm ♪
♪ Underneath the bridge ♪
♪ Tarp has sprung a leak ♪
- ♪ And the animals
I've trapped ♪
It can't be.
- ♪ Have all become my pets ♪
♪ And I'm livin' off of grass ♪
♪ And the drippings
from my ceiling ♪
♪ It's okay to eat fish ♪
♪ 'Cause they don't
have any feelings ♪
♪ Something in the way ♪
♪ Mm-mm ♪
♪ Yeah. mm-mm ♪
♪ Something in the way ♪
♪ Mm-mm ♪
Best day ever!